add move to cloud guide part 1 (#5058)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/about-core-setup.md

- [Connecting to a data platform](/docs/core/connect-data-platform/profiles.yml)
- [How to run your dbt projects](/docs/running-a-dbt-project/run-your-dbt-projects)

> You can also learn about [developing dbt projects in dbt Cloud](/docs/cloud/about-develop-dbt) &mdash; dbt Cloud provides a command line interface with the [dbt Cloud CLI](/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation) that let you run dbt commands. The dbt Cloud CLI is tailored for dbt Cloud's infrastructure and integrates with all its [features](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/dbt-cloud-features).

Reviewer: This section feels really out of place and breaks up the flow of this page. I kind of understand why we have it (push people to Cloud) but there could be a better way to approach this without plopping a paragraph of text at the beginning of a Core instructional page. 

We can at least clarify the language so it's less jarring
```suggestion
If you're interested in using a command line interface to [develop dbt projects in dbt Cloud](/docs/cloud/about-develop-dbt), the [dbt Cloud CLI](/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation) lets you run dbt commands locally. The dbt Cloud CLI is tailored for dbt Cloud's infrastructure and integrates with all its [features](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/dbt-cloud-features).
```

If you need a more detailed first-time setup guide for specific data platforms, read our [quickstart guides](https://docs.getdbt.com/guides).

## Related docs

> - [Switch from dbt Core to dbt Cloud](/guides/core-to-cloud-1?step=1)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Move from dbt Core to dbt Cloud](/guides/core-to-cloud-1?step=1)
```
